Steve, I just got a weird e-mail.
Did you buy us airline tickets?
Oh, shoot, it was supposed to be a surprise.
I wanted to thank you for letting me live here all this time,
so I'm treating the family to a vacation.
Steve, you're so sweet.
Thanks, Uncle Steve.
Thanks, Uncle Ever.
Look out, world.
The Smith family is going to Paris!
Yes!
Rick, I don't like glowing rocks in the kitchen trash.
Well, I don't like your unemployed genes
and my grandchildren Jerry,
but life is made of it.
You know what?
You're going to land on your feet, Jer.
Some company out there is going to think they're lucky stars.
They hired my little brother.
Who the f*** are you?
My goofy brother, Steve?
He's been living here almost a year now.
Are you losing your mind?
Hey, someone's been spending too much time
around glowing rocks, am I right?
Oh, my God!
That is an alien parasite.
But I've known him my whole life.
No, you haven't, Jerry.
These telepathic little bastards,
they embed themselves in memories
and they use those to multiply and spread out
and take over planets.
It's disgusting.
Steve wasn't real.
He's a real piece of shit.
This is a big one.
Somebody probably tracked it in last week
on the bottom of their shoe
or on a piece of alien fruit.
Someone?
Get off the high road, Summer.
We all got pink eye
because you won't stop texting on the toilet.
But Uncle Steve taught me how to ride a bike.
No, Steve put that memory in your brain
so we could live in your house,
eat your food and multiply.
We could be infested with these things.
So we got to keep an eye out for any zany,
wacky characters that pop up.
Ooh, we!
Whatever you want, Rick.
We're here to help.
Thanks, Mr. Poopybutthole.
I always could count on you.
All right, there's 6 of us and that's it.
Me, Morty, Jerry, Beth, Mr. Poopybutthole, and Summer.
Maybe you got the first one in time, Rick.
Can't afford to chance it
Dad why does our house have blast shields trust me beth you don't want to know how many answers that question has
Reminds me of that time we all got stuck in the elevator together you remember that after the Hulk musical
Mmm-hmm
Buttons don't work better if you hit them harder and foam fists don't make you strong
I know friends make you strong. I watched the same musical you did why couldn't I bring my portal gun?
Why did all the drinks have to be extra large? Oh the Hulk I just got that just pure pants
I did it the minute we got stuck. Oh, oh, yeah. Yeah shame me at least when I'm disgusting. It's on purpose
Y'all we're gonna be fine. I've always been here for you guys and I always will be
Somebody call for repairs
It's me cousin Nikki. I'm walking here. I mean I'm not I'm crouching the elevator shaft, but hey
We really do get in some crazy situations as a family mostly when we're cooped up like this
Hey, maybe mr. Poopy pants is right
Come on cousin Nikki you heard Rick we have to stay quarantined until we know that there's no more of these things
I hear you Morty back in Brooklyn. We got a saying
Six Morty they're supposed to be six of us if they're seven and I mean somebody's not real
How did you know it was Nikki? I guess that's why I aim for his shoulder so we can't trust any of our memories now
Nikki was the reason we found that old Nazi submarine did that not even happen? Well, of course it happened
Know that I possess the mighty staff of Ragu Baba the world will tremble before the fourth right
This is the last time I ask you for help on my history final rig
Hey, we got a word for Nazis back in Brooklyn pal. I'm comfortable being called a Nazi
You think there's some other word that will hurt my feelings
Yeah, think before you talk shit
After due consideration, I have elected not to retire
Now I believe
Someone has a final exam to attend set a course for Morty's high school
Perhaps I'm biased but if that story never happened then I wouldn't still be the family butler
Dare to dream wait and if mr. Beauregard wasn't our butler. It's safe to say the family'd be in a hell of a lot of trouble
Don't worry Jerry. We called the fire department. You know, they won't come here anymore
Marmalade is
Guess I take back what I said about British cuisine
We're trying to sleep I don't want to go to the dance alone then perhaps
Shall we master Morty
Show oh wait, don't leave without letting photography raptor take a picture
Everybody stop remembering these parasites are like bedbugs and every flashback is another mattress look
There's only supposed to be six people in this house, but there's always been ten no
The fact that I wrote this number down means that there's four parasites you sure about that Rick
I'm begging your pardon, mr. Rick, but I seem to recall a great deal of confusion surrounding that number
All right, there's six of us and that's it me Morty Jerry Beth mr. Poopy butthole Frankenstein sleepy Gary photography raptor
Mr. Beauregard and summer dad. That's like ten people six ten. What's the difference?
I just love the number six for no reason. Where's my pencil at?
Thanks pencil Vester
Yeah, I guess that is what happened, but I don't get why I would do that everybody makes mistakes Rick
Why do you think I have one of these?
Photos hard evidence
You're not in any of my photos mr. Poopy butthole. Well, what do you know about this?
You're not in any of mine all I have are pictures of me and my friends from school
What what teenage girl has pictures of her family? It's not like we're Mormon or dying
I will admit it's suspicious that summer's only friend is a magic ballerina lamb that we've never seen
Oh
Tinkles it's past my bedtime
I
Were trying to sleep it was tingles
Tinkles that is suspicious. We're always hearing about this tingles character, but we never
I was on the wrong side of the pitchfork on this one, okay
Look, we shouldn't need evidence or logic to know whose family and who isn't I know who the Smiths are
I've known Beth since high school and her husband sleepy Gary's hands down my absolute best friend
Thanks, Jerry beyond that no offense to any of you, but all that's her off. Look, I'm not used to being this unsure for this long
I'm just gonna aim for shoulder starting with the weird girl
Hold still summer Rick that is my daughter. Oh, yeah. Well, what if you just think that sleepy Gary?
I've known you for 15 years. Don't make me hurt you Rick
These are our family and friends the people we barbecue with have you forgotten the barbecue?
Wait, why would you want me to you're one of them? Aren't you?
You love those barbecues Rick you love them. Hey remember it
Shut up hammer. I shut up Amish cyborg. What is this 90s Conan?
Remember you
You know what pencil vester took me my whole life to realize it, but I love barbecuing
Watch me baby. I'm like Tom Cruise from um cuisine or whatever that movie's called where he makes drinks
Yeah, check me out. I'm like Tom Cruise from cuisine
Yeah, is that what it's called cuisine Wow. Hey everybody. Let's give it up for the grow master Rick
Rick
No
Shoot now look it's like a where's Waldo page. Can you find me check out all these zany characters?
We'll be right back after these messages. I
Think you should put down the gun and we should get you to a doctor. What do you say we take down these blast shields?
I can't do that sleepy Gary. All right, everybody listen to me
I don't know if any of you guys are real but this house has been infested with fake loved ones that spread through fake memories
And our planet will be destroyed if they get out
But Rick even you have to admit you do tend to overreact to stuff
You guys we got a hurry. I just got back from Walmart. They're selling Nintendo 3ds systems for 149 99 on sale
Plus every time you buy one you get a $50 gift card brings the total price out at $110 after tax
Now listen, we can flip those sons of bitches for 230 bucks a piece easy
They're all limited edition of Zelda ones hurry hurry come with me
We can be rich and we also all get to keep one and we can play
Nintendo games Nintendo give me free stuff. Okay. Yes. I definitely remember doing that
But also I would never do that don't overreact Rick sleepy Gary a word sure Jerry Rick keep a level head
Okay, cuz I'll tell you a secret about Frankenstein. He's actually Frankenstein's monster
I
Sleepy Gary
My head is filled with memories of our friendship. I'm convinced that your bet's husband and I'm your friend
But if those memories can't be trusted then Jerry just say it sleepy Gary. How do we know? I'm real Jesus Jerry
No, you're real. Hey look at me now
I don't know which way is up out there, but I know us and you're real Jerry remember our vacation
They're filming that new Star Wars movie down the coast should we check it out sure why not?
Maybe we'll see Chewbacca I'd like that
What are we doing
I
Don't give a damn what else happens out there you and I are going to survive this okay?
Hey, we agreed never in the house
That's a cool watch there Rick, can I check it out? No thing
Okay, trying to figure out how to lower the blast shields, huh?
Anybody here think it's suspicious that a lot of people in here can't wait to get out of here
You're paranoid Rick you've been paranoid since nom so what are you gonna do when you rotate back to the world Frankenstein?
She yet. I'm a buster
Anyone here even real am I the only real person on earth?
Maybe or maybe just maybe we're all real you know me. I'm reversed your app
I have a short neck and legs. I went to college with hammer-eye. Hey, I saved ghost in a jar's life in Vietnam
And Beth how many times have I been a shoulder for you to cry on?
Okay, so maybe we're just all things
Or maybe there's only one
Deceiver here the person that keeps telling us the path to salvation is being held prisoner and mistrusting each other
Hey, don't blame me. I tried to shoot summer ten minutes ago
I know we all have beloved memories of Rick
But are we really supposed to believe that a mad scientist inventor with a flying car just showed up on our doorstep after being gone for years?
You know he does have a lot of really weird made-up sounding catchphrases. Well beloved dub dub
Ricky Tiki Taffy bitch, and that's the way
The news goes hit the sack Jack. Oh
Summer salt jump aids and that's why I always say shum shum
slippity drop grass
Tastes bad. No jumping in the sewer
Burger time rubber baby baby bunkers lick lick lick my balls
Yeah, say that all the time
Don't forget his incredibly vague backstory that I'm your father. Oh, are you dad? Are you Rick?
You want to prove your real just do what any of the rest of us would do and open the blast shields and let us the hell out of here
Why don't you make me implausibly naive pubescent boy with an old Jewish comedy writers name?
Give me the gun
I'm not doing this in front of pencil Vester bring him to the garage
Are you listening to me you son of a bitch parasite scum we can either do this the easy way or the hard way
You know you want to live then open the blast shield doors shut up Morty
You brainwashed little turd that might not even be real because I'm brainwashed too. You know Rick
This isn't easy for us. You know we all remember you as a friend. Oh really?
Well, I remember you as a whiny little piece of shit Morty. Oh, yeah
Yeah, I've got about a thousand memories of your dumb little ass and about six of them are pleasant
The rest is annoying garbage. So what do you do is both a favor and pull the trigger do it do it mother
Wow, baby wizard was a parasite he set me up with my wife
I figured it out Rick the parasites can only create pleasant memories
I know you're real because I have a ton of bad memories with you
To that
Holy crap Morty, you're right. Isn't that what you were trying to make me understand by yelling at me?
Well, yeah, the doi took you long enough
Now let's go Morty we've got a lot of friends and family to exterminate
Everybody remain calm this is gonna take some explaining you need to kill everyone that we can only remember fondly
Who's got a bad memory about mrs. Refrigerator?
Roller coasters aren't bad mrs. Refrigerator they're thrilling and you've been a perfect companion to me
My entire life
Everybody back if you're not a parasite you have nothing to fear. So what about summer? Why am I always your go-to?
Never go in my room again
She's real she's my bitch of a sister nice
Mom are you driving me to yeah, yeah, yes wait time. Oh my god. Are you drunk?
What do you mean my wife coat? You're what?
I'm gonna have a bruise it's picture day. It's not don't over yet. I can
I want the police to take me
Morty give a gun to the lady that got pregnant with me too early and constantly makes it our problem
Thank you, sweetie
Bath please I thought it was too good to be true that we'd have compatible kidneys
Come on man, haven't we ever had an uncomfortable silence or an awkward fart on a road trip?
Come on pencil vester give me anything
Rick I'm pencil vester listen to that name. You can't kill me. You're right kill pencil vester
Summer I've always loved you
Oh
My god, I thought you would do a concert we forgot the tickets. Why are you the kitchen?
I do it everywhere stop shaming me. You're not the victim here. I hate you and I was thinking about your friend grace
Ah
Master Rick remember when you weren't going to shoot me
I guess I did the butler. Ha ha does it does that skin? Oh, I I get it
It's a play on the butler did it. Thanks ghost in a jar. You always were good at pointing out potentially obscure comedy
You gotta hide me sleepy Gary don't worry. I have a plan if we can get to my boat there's a
No, no just send me to Gary. I want to be with Gary
Whoa, what the hell look out for that homeless guy open the door open the door open the door
I shouldn't do that just run
Sorry, Jerry. You're real. I'm a parasite. Yeah, but you're real
I need time to forget about sleepy Gary
Me too
From now on let's all be careful to wash our hands when we get back from outer space that goes for everyone
This is depressing. We killed every good person in the house. We're what's left
What a family at least we're real Jerry. We're real ricky ticky tabby
Oh, we aim into that now this little poopy pants is hungry. Will somebody pass me a pork chop?
Is something wrong Beth?
Oh
I need an ambulance
There's been a shooting my wife shot my wife shot a longtime family friend
Keep breathing. Look at me. Look at me. Don't don't fall asleep. Is this what's leading the death is?
Oh, we this is how I die. Oh my god
Oh
He's looking a lot better
Listen, Beth, don't torture yourself
I made a similar mistake years ago, but you know on a planetary scale is um
Is he mad at me? He's not pressing charges. I mean, that's gotta be the you shot me equivalent of not being mad
Can he have visitors? He'd like to be alone. He told me to tell you
He's sorry. You didn't have bad memories of him
If you love him you should leave
And that's the way the news goes